Addition of parameter description for Orders (#143)
shopware/admin-api-reference: docs/guides/quick-start/04-document-management.md

    "fileType": "pdf",
    "static": false,
    "referencedDocumentId": null,
    "config": {},
    "sent": true
  }
}
```

> While placing an order, during order transaction or order delivery, you have the option to set the `sent` parameter to `true`, which is a boolean flag determining whether to skip documents that have already been marked as sent while processing orders.

Reviewer: I would split the sentence up for better readability (after `true`). "It is a boolean flag ... "

Possibly add "whether to skip **the creation** of documents that have already..." to be more precise on what is skipped. I thought of **sending** or **generation**.

> While placing an order, during order transaction or order delivery, you have the option to set the `sent` parameter to `true`, which is a boolean flag determining whether to skip documents that have already been marked as sent while processing orders.

Author: ```suggestion
While placing an order, during order transaction or order delivery, you have the option to set the `sent` parameter to `true`. It is a boolean flag determining whether to skip the creation of documents that have already been marked as sent while processing orders.
```
